h3. TweedleDH - Diffie-Hellman key exchange over Twitter (and other means)

This tool runs as a localhost web server and lets you generate a shared secret with a friend. This secret can be used as a key "Sealed with a Tweet":http://swatwt.com or other symmetric encryption tools (e.g. a password for a zip file).

h3. What's DH?

_DH_ stands for the "Diffie-Hellman":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffie%E2%80%93Hellman_key_exchange key exchange. It's a neat trick that lets 2 people (say, "Alice and Bob":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alice_and_Bob) generate a shared secret by exchanging _public keys_. Even if evil "Eve":http://xkcd.com/177/ is eavesdropping on that communication and knows both public keys, she can't compute the shared secret from them.

h3. What's a tweedle?

A _tweedle_ is a couple of urls (called _TweedleD_ and _TweedleH_). Each is about 100 characters long, which makes them short enough for a tweet or direct message (DM). Together, they describe a DH key.

Both tweedle urls point to _http://loclalhost:8933_[1] which is the _TweedleDH_ application running on your own computer. if Bob visits both of Alice's _TweedleD_ and _TweedleH_ urls while his _TweedleDH_ app is running (doesn't matter in which order he visits them), he'll be able to see the _shared secret_.

This doesn't mean that Alice knows it yet. Bob will have to tweet [or otherwise send] _his_ tweedle urls to Alice so that she can visit them (actually, she'll visit _her own_ TweedleDH app) and get the shared secret too.

h3. How to install

* You need to have _Python_ installed on your machine. On most modern platforms (including many phones), it already is, but if you have _Windows_, "ActiveState Python":http://www.activestate.com/activepython/downloads seems to be less of a hassle to work with than the python.org "distribution":http://python.org/download/ (or so they say).
* You'll also need "Web.py":http://webpy.org/download
* "Download TweedleDH":http://github.com/thedod/tweedledh/archives/master to a folder (e.g. _c:\mystuff_ if you're on _Windows_) and extract the .zip or .tgz file there. This will create a folder with a name like _thedod-tweedledh-a5a7102_. You can rename it to _tweedledh_ or anything else if you want.

h3. How to use

* Open a shell window (or cmd or terminal or whatever it's called on your OS).
* Change to the directory that contains _tweedledh.py_ (e.g. @cd \mystuff\tweedledh@ from the _C:\>_ prompt on _Windows_).
* Run the script by typing @python tweedledh.py@ (if you're using _ActiveState Python_ on _Windows_, just type @tweedledh.py@)
* If you're on _Windows_, you'll be asked to type a bit on the keyboard in order to generate a truely random number from the timing of your keystrokes. If you _don't_ have _Windows_ - we salute you :)
* If all's OK, you'll see the message @http://127.0.0.1:8933/@. This means you can now access _TweedleDH_ from your browser.
* If you already have tweedle urls sent to you by your friend, visit then both. Otherwise, simply go to "http://127.0.0.1:8933":http://127.0.0.1:8933 (the "civilized" notation - "http://localhost:8933":http://localhost:8933 - will also work).
* From then on, it should be self explanatory (please "let me know":http://zzzen.com/whatmail if it isn't).
* To stop the server, hit _Ctrl+C_.

----

fn1. 8933 is _twee_ on a telephone's keypad. It is not advised to change the port because you and your friend will be generating urls for each othe to visit, and it kinda breaks down if you're on different ports.
